EAR ACUPUNCTURE APP ROUGH NOTES

Cycle: Introduction
Demand needs to be created 
Solve/satisfy customer needs
Early adopters


Strategic Product Offering:
Current vs future needs

Mission: 
Integrating NADA regularly into lives of busy people 
The world is getting more and more globally connected via technology, a medium that has the potential to isolate the self and fosters the growth of independence rather than community. In using NADA in these circles, we can ensure that community and self-healing can continue to be integrated into people’s lives; not only as a form of stress-reduction, but also to become more spiritually connected to the self, to nature, and to their community. 

Target: people with busy lives, young professionals 
Specific needs of the target customers: treat insomnia and migraines 
What benefit will the product have: easy to use, safe, accessible, free, events, and group meet-ups
How to manage costs to develop a profitable product: cost will only be in time creating the app, otherwise the resource is free and people can use household items 
Response to similar competitive products: expensive, commercialized - bringing it back to the community by making it a free resource ; for-profit, so that community workshops can be funded 

The Brand
Business strategy: bringing back traditional medicine to the communities - POC led, and free and accessible like it should always have been 
Brand image (how to stand out, what do you offer?): youthful tone of voice, professional, practical, to-the-point, no frills, promoting self-healing 
Market trends: only one competitor 
Customer analysis: reviews are 50% negative, under 3 stars 
Competitive analysis: general (lots of products (diet, stress, etc), expensive (swarovski crystals), resources are video instructions or otherwise a way to connect to practitioners near the individual in order for them to get help (defeats purpose of do-it-yourself) 

NOTES:

https://www.healthline.com/health/ear-acupuncture
In traditional Chinese medicine (TCM), acupuncture is based on the theory that your health depends on the flow of qi (energy) in your body. This energy travels along invisible pathways, known as meridians, that are found throughout the body.
According to TCM, a blocked or disrupted flow of qi can have a negative effect on your physical and mental health. Acupuncture aims to restore the flow of qi by resolving any blockages or disruption.

People use auricular acupuncture to tackle a range of health concerns, including:
chronic pain, especially low back pain
migraine
anxiety
insomnia
cancer pain and chemotherapy side effects
weight loss
substance use disorder
depression
digestive issues
allergies

a practitioner will start by going over the symptoms you want to address. They’ll likely ask you a few questions about your:
sleeping habits
past or current medical issues
mental health concerns
diet and digestion

Before making an appointment with a practitioner, consider asking them a few questions to determine:
how long they’ve been working with clients
how much experience they have with auricular acupuncture
whether they accept insurance or offer a sliding-scale payment system

https://www.verywellhealth.com/the-benefits-of-ear-acupuncture-88711

Insomnia
When used to help people who have trouble sleeping, auricular acupuncture is administered using seeds or magnetic beads placed on acupressure points on the ear and gently massaged.

A 2015 review of 15 studies of auricular acupuncture for insomnia found a positive effect.5﻿ However, the authors noted that the evidence was of poor quality based on methodological flaws, small sample sizes, and possible publication bias.

A 2018 study comparing traditional (non-auricular) acupuncture with combined acupuncture and auricular acupuncture and with no treatment found that the treatment groups had better outcomes in reducing insomnia.6﻿ However, there was no difference between the groups that received acupuncture on sites other than the ear and the group that received acupuncture plus auricular acupuncture.

Migraine Headaches
Ear acupuncture may be useful for treating migraines, according to a study published in Acupuncture & Electro-Therapeutics Research in 2012.9﻿ It found that two months of weekly ear acupuncture treatments led to significant improvements in pain and mood for 35 migraine patients.

There has not been a systematic review of studies of ear acupuncture for migraine. Large reviews of acupuncture for migraines have excluded studies of ear acupuncture, although showing positive indications for body acupuncture.10

THE COMPETITION
https://www.earseeds.com/auricular-acupuncture/
Instead of using needles, contemporary auricular acupuncture uses tiny seeds that look like little beads or jewels placed on various points around the ear. By stimulating these points around the ear, you can affect various parts of the body that are known to be associated with those particular areas of the ear.
Auricular acupuncture is also beneficial because it’s less expensive than going to the acupuncturist for repeat needle treatments. Once you understand how auricular acupuncture works, you can actually perform auricular acupuncture on yourself to treat a variety of conditions, including both chronic problems and temporary ones.
Being able to treat conditions yourself not only saves money but it’s also more likely you’ll be compliant with recommendations for treating your condition. You won’t have to rely on scheduling appointments to keep up with your acupuncture because you can easily treat yourself, even when traveling. You can perform auricular acupuncture on your own convenient schedule so your acupuncture treatment will not get in the way of your travel plans and vice versa.
It should be noted, however, that if you plan to try auricular acupuncture as an alternative to drug therapy, you should discuss it with your physician first. Never stop any prescribed medications without first talking with your doctor. Some medications, like antidepressants or opiates, require careful stepping down of your dosage before they can be discontinued entirely, and some medical conditions could be quite dangerous if left untreated, which is a possibility if you perform auricular acupuncture incorrectly, such as by not using the correct spot on the ear.
Auricular acupuncture, as you can see, is a tremendous time saver for people with busy lives, like people who work long hours, those who travel, and anyone with kids. It’s particularly helpful for those who have free time outside of normal acupuncture clinic hours and for people who live in remote rural areas where access to a traditional acupuncturist may be challenging.
﻿
Competitor Reviews:
(screenshots)


